you know with social media platforms
people compare themselves to others
more than ever how do you feel when you
see someone post travel photos
exotic beaches or expensive rooftop
dinners on instagram
it suddenly seems everyone is rich
except you
well cheer up rich people don't compare
themselves with what they see on the
internet
they focus on what they do instead of
watching others
no need to feel bad about not being in
those fancy places
when you can make yourself proud by
getting up off the couch
and actually doing something to-do lists
may sound like a cliche
but apparently they work or at least
that's something
81 percent of rich people will tell you
most of them make a to-do list
before bed so they can go to sleep
without thinking about all those things
they need to do the next day
richard branson the founder of virgin
group goes with these types of lists
every day not only does he put down on
paper things he needs to do
but also writes down ideas that randomly
come upon his mod
it's good to have a separate piece of
paper where you can write down
all of those small things you often
delay for later
and of course eventually forget you know
like
call someone to fix your printer that's
been broken for months
make a list of cleaning supplies your
place desperately needs
pick up clothes from the laundry service
or wait
how long has this remote control been
out of batteries
write all your goals down to 95
of successful people do that when you
tick off at least some of them
you won't struggle with feeling
nothing's ever changing in your life
don't put them all on the same list at
the same time when you see so many
bigger things you want to achieve in one
place
it can easily become overwhelming and
you might start thinking you will never
have enough time to get them
and that mostly means bye bye motivation
i won't do a single thing from that list
elon musk has an idea to avoid that part
he uses five-minute blocks to plan his
work schedule
not only do they help him track his
tasks but it also seems
easier to deal with your goals one by
one cheers to that idea mr musk
oh can i catch a ride on one of your
spaceships hey doesn't hurt to ask
these days everyone can afford designer
bags expensive clothes
and the latest iphone it's just that
people who do that to impress others
will have it on credit rich ones don't
show off
luxury brands ingvar comprad the founder
of ikea
and one of the richest people in the
world used to buy all of his clothes at
flea markets
he always took the economy flights went
to budget hotels
and even cut his hair in developing
countries to save money on trivial
things like these
rather than investing in material stuff
rich people spend their money on
meaningful experiences
when ed sheeran took a break from his
tour he went traveling for a couple of
months
not only was it a great way to rest from
concerts but it also helped him in
getting inspiration for new music
there are free ways to deal with work
stress and collect some cool memories
as haley deiber does haley says smiling
back to random people and starting a
conversation out of nowhere
helps her keep a positive attitude about
life and get away from stressful
thoughts
chatting with a lady in a supermarket a
person in an elevator
or an uber driver definitely is one of
the fun things to help her see things
from a different angle
wealthy people mostly create something
that will bring them passive income
that means they're not paid hourly and
they don't only earn their paycheck
while working
the money can keep rolling while they're
chilling in front of the tv
spending time with family and friends
playing with their dog
or even when they sleep actually rich
people don't spend that much time at all
chilling in front of the tv passive
income
also known as royalties or residuals and
such
is when you write a how to get rich
ebook and get some money
every month from amazon sales it's also
when you sell a hit
song like your let's say ariana grande
rent your house apartment or even a car
to someone
start monetizing your travel blog and
all those things
where you continue to earn money after
you finish the work
well you have to develop a good idea and
put some effort into your project
initially but later on your money keeps
coming in
as a result of previous work 6 58
7 o'clock 707 this is how my alarms go
in the morning
and don't even get me started on snoozes
rich people don't do that
many of them get up three hours before
work so they can do some productive
things when no one else is up
like exercise meditate enjoy some lemon
water and coffee
write down their goals it's easier to
stay disciplined when you're fresh in
the morning
than to try to fix your day later on and
when you don't snooze your alarm of
course
the rich also make their bed charles
dewick
is the author of the best-selling book
the power of habit
and he says when you make your bed in
the morning it helps to set your mind to
a productive mode if you can do that
you can do another small task and
another and
little by little your day is full of
smaller and bigger things you manage to
complete
most people just want to relax when they
come home from work so they go for the
easiest options
cell phone or tv even though our brain
sometimes
needs those meaningless actions let's
face it
they bring nothing good to our lives
millionaires already know it
so more than 60 percent of them watch tv
one hour or less per day
seventy eight percent of poor people
watch reality shows
well only six percent of the rich do
that
rich people read instead and mostly not
just for fun
they also listen to audiobooks while
taking a walk or on their way to work
don't turn on some random radio station
and listen to endless morning news
go with something educational or
inspirational
podcasts books ted talks bright side
hey you can learn a lot here a good
education doesn't end with high school
or a college degree
despite what many graduates think rich
people tend to always learn something
new
and educate themselves in
self-improvement and work stuff
there are many online courses books and
websites
where you can find something new
learning is a lifelong
thing the rich also have their way to
stay focused on work
warren buffett reads books 80 percent of
his day
he claims that helps him think clearly
many of his great financial decisions
were inspired by books he'd read
jonathan franzen is a new york
best-selling author
and he likes to eliminate all external
distractions when starting his work
he goes to a soundproof studio turns off
the lights
closes the blinds on the windows no tv
junk food
cell phones or any other things people
like to go for
when they don't feel like working even
puts on the blinders
even though it's almost impossible to
ride like that
wealthy people have enough money to eat
the best delicacies from all over the
world
but they still choose a simple menu
richard branson says
he likes eating fruit salad and muesli
for breakfast
twitter's ceo jack dorsey eats only one
meal per day
he also takes ice baths and does seven
minute body exercises
instead of hitting the gym yes you need
your body to be healthy and
in good shape to go through the day so
adding physical activities to your
things to do to be a millionaire list is
almost a must
what poor people often don't know is
when to stop working
millionaires know there's no use in any
skills if the body is exhausted or over
stressed
most rich people don't just eat their
lunch as fast as they can
in front of their computer they take
their time enjoy a break
and free their mind for new challenges
that are about to come
also a big no to taking the work home
wealthy people never give up steve jobs
was persistent even at the most
difficult times
when apple set the launch date for the
first iphone everyone was talking about
how
jobs had given his employees an almost
impossible task
in 2005 they had to get the iphone and
its gadgets to work
which wasn't easy at all he never gave
up on his ideas
which eventually led him and his company
to the huge part they played in the
digital revolution